A2/myapp/README.md, before:

# myapp
This application was generated using JHipster 4.0.1, you can find documentation and help at [https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1](https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1).

## Development

Before you can build this project, you must install and configure the following dependencies on your machine:
1. [Node.js][]: We use Node to run a development web server and build the project.
   Depending on your system, you can install Node either from source or as a pre-packaged bundle.
2. [Yarn][]: We use Yarn to manage Node dependencies.
   Depending on your system, you can install Yarn either from source or as a pre-packaged bundle.

After installing Node, you should be able to run the following command to install development tools.
You will only need to run this command when dependencies change in `package.json`.

    yarn install

We use [Gulp][] as our build system. Install the Gulp command-line tool globally with:

    yarn global add gulp-cli

Run the following commands in two separate terminals to create a blissful development experience where your browser
auto-refreshes when files change on your hard drive.

    ./mvnw
    gulp

[Bower][] is used to manage CSS and JavaScript dependencies used in this application. You can upgrade dependencies by
specifying a newer version in `bower.json`. You can also run `bower update` and `bower install` to manage dependencies.
Add the `-h` flag on any command to see how you can use it. For example, `bower update -h`.

For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].


## Building for production

To optimize the myapp application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

This will concatenate and minify the client CSS and JavaScript files. It will also modify `index.html` so it references these new files.
To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

### Client tests

Unit tests are run by [Karma][] and written with [Jasmine][]. They're located in `src/test/javascript/` and can be run with:

    gulp test



For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the `src/main/docker` folder to launch required third party services.
For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./mvnw package -Pprod docker:build

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`yo jhipster:docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To set up a CI environment, consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: https://jhipster.github.io
[JHipster 4.0.1 archive]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1

[Using JHipster in development]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/development/
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/production/
[Running tests page]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/setting-up-ci/


[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/
[Yarn]: https://yarnpkg.org/
[Bower]: http://bower.io/
[Gulp]: http://gulpjs.com/
[BrowserSync]: http://www.browsersync.io/
[Karma]: http://karma-runner.github.io/
[Jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io/2.0/introduction.html
[Protractor]: https://angular.github.io/protractor/
[Leaflet]: http://leafletjs.com/
[DefinitelyTyped]: http://definitelytyped.org/

Commit message:

updating README.md to include description of entites + relationships

A2/myapp/README.md, after:

# myapp
This application was generated using JHipster 4.0.1, you can find documentation and help at [https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1](https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1).

# CS499 A2

This app has 3 entities: Author (String name), Book (string title, int pages, string genre, string author), and ToC (table of contents) (int chapters, book title). The relationships are the following:
-Author to Book is a one-to-many relationship
-ToC to Book is a one-to-one relationship (its supposed to, I accidently didn't do this in the setup)
-A Book must have an author and a ToC must have a Book
-ToC has no relation to Author

Note: The colum 'pages' for ToC is supposed to be the book it belongs to.

## Development

Before you can build this project, you must install and configure the following dependencies on your machine:
1. [Node.js][]: We use Node to run a development web server and build the project.
   Depending on your system, you can install Node either from source or as a pre-packaged bundle.
2. [Yarn][]: We use Yarn to manage Node dependencies.
   Depending on your system, you can install Yarn either from source or as a pre-packaged bundle.

After installing Node, you should be able to run the following command to install development tools.
You will only need to run this command when dependencies change in `package.json`.

    yarn install

We use [Gulp][] as our build system. Install the Gulp command-line tool globally with:

    yarn global add gulp-cli

Run the following commands in two separate terminals to create a blissful development experience where your browser
auto-refreshes when files change on your hard drive.

    ./mvnw
    gulp

[Bower][] is used to manage CSS and JavaScript dependencies used in this application. You can upgrade dependencies by
specifying a newer version in `bower.json`. You can also run `bower update` and `bower install` to manage dependencies.
Add the `-h` flag on any command to see how you can use it. For example, `bower update -h`.

For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].


## Building for production

To optimize the myapp application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

This will concatenate and minify the client CSS and JavaScript files. It will also modify `index.html` so it references these new files.
To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

### Client tests

Unit tests are run by [Karma][] and written with [Jasmine][]. They're located in `src/test/javascript/` and can be run with:

    gulp test



For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the `src/main/docker` folder to launch required third party services.
For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./mvnw package -Pprod docker:build

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`yo jhipster:docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To set up a CI environment, consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: https://jhipster.github.io
[JHipster 4.0.1 archive]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1

[Using JHipster in development]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/development/
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/production/
[Running tests page]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v4.0.1/setting-up-ci/


[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/
[Yarn]: https://yarnpkg.org/
[Bower]: http://bower.io/
[Gulp]: http://gulpjs.com/
[BrowserSync]: http://www.browsersync.io/
[Karma]: http://karma-runner.github.io/
[Jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io/2.0/introduction.html
[Protractor]: https://angular.github.io/protractor/
[Leaflet]: http://leafletjs.com/
[DefinitelyTyped]: http://definitelytyped.org/
